feat: Adapt the document to the release and add JSON views doc (#127)
lenra-io/docs: src/markdown/references/stack.md

---
name: Technical stack
---

In order to build that platform we had to create a custom application system based on open-source technologies.

{:style="width: 100%"}
![Lenra architecture](/img/architecture.svg)

> If you want to know more about our tech stack, you can visit their website by clicking on the links below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to know more about our tech stack, you can visit the websites for each tool by clicking on the links below:
```
